Hello and welcome
yes, I promised her that I would
show you how to use the pokémon emulator
and this single edition which i
now player resp
Let's play, we will get it
here just it looks so natural to me
if me the wallpaper pokemon dj
mehdi zion
I would like to talk to everyone
times when I start a project too
therefore, the background image at change
Of course I simply enjoy it
always be remembered
which project have just down here
Do you see that we hope that's mine
dolls folder with all in it I can
show you again with me at the end
looks
I once got the download links
up here
she's not into it all the time
edition the vw configuration files
copying the emulator and just where that
actually in it all is up to this
So first things to download
left this is the whole
download links do not worry I'll be the one
all still linking for you
but first of all, we will all be
Let's start with extra download
the vba you just click on the link
and it will open
yes then comes on here at the toyota
the m version on this page
Do you like the little boy advance 14?
1.80 meters 3 down just go on it
and so when I come and so will the
actually right below open there it is
even so then let that be in the
folder show mountain small and that
then pull over so we here can
to be closed first
Here then those same have this rar
file the loads are so first or
you can wrap them up too
is what i just did and
then there is just continue with the
next left I will show that now
a link because it is the same at all
I'll just start with the yellow one
file with the yellow edition was me
yes the yellow currently let's play and then
just come to this side of city
heavy
on this side you just have to
go to download now
and really should now completely
automatically we as it also indicates that
Start download takes just his time
with crystal, it lasts the longest time white
has the biggest file is the letting you
show again in the folder or have
previously set up
wanted to have played memory and me
Now put them on the desktop
so he just makes it with the
the other side show the same way
folder to so and then just as I said
would be my suggestion for you
or that we make them are a folder
to create
the just it called pokémon or what white
I do not want to integrate like mine
let tutorial about the times made
yes tutorial take care of me and there I pack
just then the winter time of
emulators us the edition purely then
makes her and in an easy
right-click unzip it in
this order the visual on advance
file or rar file and then've just
skupin and the jailbreak in the morning now
just double left click on then
this window will open
do nothing
not as long as he is not on file
Click and then open the vine here
the edition that you have and seek
could then wherever he has this
Partner is better if it really is
in the folder of trees had entered
because he then all at the same time with
just listed a double-click
on it and that the beautiful is
you can not just be the window like that
want to adjust how did it just
So for example it could be like that now
play
or so or I just play it
fullscreen what i do of course is
1240 1024 x 768 which should be open
is that then be very loud
becomes
however, there are different ones up here
Yes , we could adjust things
frames are set
how bad you are gonna be right now
Sync change might be different
You can change the race mode
can actually do a lot
we say it this way you have here also
at mediator different settings
also in which image company or
Show formats that wanted to have
Sound could give him the channels from the
that come but you can do that
kilohertz number the volume change me
think I'll volume including
put to 125
yes I do that well or
you can of course also up here
Of course you can all up here too
just the sound newton or whole
make up
at the g1 you saw there are
different shape you can also here
the whole circumstance a gba so ever
after what you then for files to
has started and that is a cleverer
and pretty much you can also here
the language can change a bit
I think I'll get something down
load was that you can download you
if you really wanted her
have different tools and so what to
example in web viewer and so yes that was
actually everything for pokémon
is still important for you to know the
Your game keys are y ticks that you can
of course you change it up in option
could rewind with the space bar and
that your menu will show that new game yes
yes yes yes, the way we can play
with the button with y you can see the people
address resp
this is the button the way still in the
game is just animal the ex key and with
enter, open your menu that is
actually everything you are
I would have to know that
thanks for watching i hope it has
helped you and see you then
probably also right back in
next board if it means again
let's play pokemon give edition and up
next time